Lots and lots of things today - automatic baselining the main thing, proxy functionality.

 o New UI using gtsk
   o change server to deliver JSON instead of text so that the UI can format it as it sees fit.
   o How to visualise the health of the system without hardcoding anything. It is naturally a tree, 
     however visualising a tree isn't the nicest of UIs (maybe). InfoVis has some nice stuff
     the Squarified TreeMap is good - but maybe not for the average user.
   o Bear in mind that the idea is that swdiag does everything behind the scenes, the UI is not
     for monitoring, it is there is see why swdiag has or has not taken action.
   o History is very important, we need to see which actions have been performed, and why they
     were performed. This should be front page, a list of recovery actions that have been performed
     and the ability to drill in and see why.  
   o change server to deliver JSON instead of text so that the UI can format it as it sees fit.
   
 o Authentication (oauth2?)
 o Configuration via UI
   Need a way for the probe to specify possible configuration parameters so that the
   UI knows how to render them. Then also need a way for them to be written back to the
   filesystem. For example the diskpace probe may show the available filesystems and allow
   you to ignore ones that are expected to be full.
   
   o Need way of specifying via the UI the rule thresholds so that they may be customised by
   the user if need be.
   o Need a way via the UI of restoring to factory resets the configuration.
 o Need a way for the UI to "ignore" results from specific rules since we know they are bogus
   or expected.
 o Documentation for how to create a probe in different languages, with examples
 o Mechanism for clients to communicate with each other including dependencies
 o External reflector probes, for external testing of our own services. This is another swdiag instance
   configured to allow reflections. Possibility of providing a free/paid for swdiag.io hosted service
   for monitoring of Internet facing systems.
 
 Client specific TODOs (issues that I have with some software)
 
 o Integrate with Kodi including dependencies on OS running swdiag server monitoring the OS
   o Check that the filesystems for the movies being available, if not try resetting the networking
     to kick start it.
   o Check for hanging threads, especially in plugins, kick them after too long.
   
  
 